Title: Group Project 03
Purpose: Weekly Project Meeting
People present: Marcus Harrison, Craig Heptinstall, Kyle Vaughan, Scott Roe, 
Kamilia Tacickaja, Nigel Hardy
Apologies: James Bowcott, Simon Evans
Date: 16/10/12
Place: Llandinam C55
Author of the Minutes: Marcus Harrison
Date the Minutes were produced: 16/10/12
Version: 1.0

If any errors are present, please CAREFULLY make corrections, increase the 
version number by 0.1 and re-send to this list. Thank you.

Matters arising:

in the previous meeting we had not decided on assigned roles for Leader, 
Deputy Leader or QA Leader. 
Methods of communication had not been decided upon.


New Business:

After research from the previously assigned members, the current decisions 
have been made regarding the technology used:
for version control, SVN will be used;
for the server software, Glassfish will be used;
for programming, the IDE Eclipse will be used;
for documentation, LaTeX will be used;
for UML Diagram design, StarUML will be used.

The following formal roles have been assigned:
Scott: Leader
Craig: Deputy Leader

The following tasks have been assigned:
Craig: Use-case study and program flow
Marcus: set up SVN repository; design database; study Glassfish
Kamilia: User Interface Design and mock-ups.


Any Other Business:

Programming Design and Testing - it has been established that we are to use 
TEST-DRIVEN DESIGN. Tests are to be written before the relevant element of the 
program.
System testing is also to be done, by someone outside the design or 
programming teams.
Test documentation is quite comprehensive and who does which documentation is 
yet to be decided.
We are all to study LaTeX (I recommend http://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/LaTeX), in 
particular embedding our UML diagram into a LaTeX document.
We must have versions of Eclipse and Glassfish installed on our personal 
machines that are the same version number as those on the University 
computers.


Marcus Harrison
Computer Science - Open Source Computing
